README.md, before:

# resume Other Parts
## Other activities

1. Found efficient in working with senior research scholars, postdocs and their team members from various domains in developing novel ideas and methods to solve problems in the field of neurology, drug design , development & kinematics and machine learning systems.
2. Presented my research works at several national and international conferences/symposiums, winning a few publication awards.
3. Worked with various groups as a key member rapidly equalizing the contribution created.
4. Organised National and International conferences/symposiums.
5. Organiser and reviewer of Pysangamam' 18 & Pycon India’ 19.
6. Founded EEG/BCI research startup called Soul Scientific in 2012, incorporated in 2016 developing a wide range of products from neuroscience to agritech.
7. Founded Cephei Technologies, an NLP Paas Startup Incubated at IITMRP from 2019, shutdown as of march 2020.
8. Founded Forest Studio in 2018, an ecology retrieval based smart agri startup, still providing services across India.
9. Drone designer and developer. (Sponsored by Hindustan University) : Represented India & won “Most Innovative Design Award” by Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International at International Aerial Robotics Competition -2014, Yantai, China.
Badminton State level player (TN).
10. A Mean-Stack developer :  Deep learning using Natural language processing, Classification and adviseral networks problems.
Perpetual trekker, part time Psychologist, Lifecoach, Botanist-carnivorous gardener & BCI Trader.

### Designed & Developed at Soul Scientific and Agrio :
### As the Founder and Research Director :


1. Designed several prototypes for plant and animal electrophysiology mining, learning and as automation control system interfaces.
2. Optimization and selection of components for an autonomous multirotor UAV with obstacle avoidance capability using ultrasonic sensors. - Proceedings
3. Won the Best Autonomous Drone Design Award at International Aerial Robotics Competition (IARC) 2014, China, only team representing India – Sponsored by Hindustan University, with Dr. Dalbir Singh. - Proceedings
4. CAN and LIN BUS based BCI control system prototype developments.
5. Wildlife conservation volunteer at Indian Wildlife Club and WWF India.
6. Lifetime member at Krishnamurthy Institute of Algology.
7. The following are a few core works published & in proceedings.

## My Publications 

1. Antibacterial activity of chitosan coated silver nanoparticles against major fish pathogen Aeromonas hydrophila. - Proceedings.
2. Improved Antibiofilm and Anti-Fungal Effect of Biocompatible Polymer Stabilized Chemogenic Metallic Nanoparticles Against Candida Albicans.-  Applied Biotechnology and Biochemistry, Springer.
3. Decomposition of Dried leaf wastes with EM (designed consortium) and evaluation of EM dried compost on plant growth parameters of Arachis Hypogaea.- Elsevier.
4. Influence of FeSO4 on magnetosomic nanoparticles synthesized by microorganisms. - Proceedings.
5. Antibacterial and Anti-Tumor activity of Endophytic Fungal Metabolites isolated from garden weeds. - Proceedings.
6. Synthesis and characterization of Optically active and water soluble carbon Nanoparticles by chemical reduction method. IEEE.
7. keynote speaker - National Conference on “Green Chemistry and safer environment - 2017”, St. Mary’s College, Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu as a keynote speaker and Resource Person.  - Keynote publication.

Commit message:

added cv link
added cv'nov_1.pdf and its link to the additional info page.

README.md, after:

# Resume - Other Parts
## Other activities


1. Found efficient in working with senior research scholars, postdocs and their team members from various domains in developing novel ideas and methods to solve problems in the field of neurology, drug design , development & kinematics and machine learning systems.
2. Presented my research works at several national and international conferences/symposiums, winning a few publication awards.
3. Worked with various groups as a key member rapidly equalizing the contribution created.
4. Organised National and International conferences/symposiums.
5. Organiser and reviewer of Pysangamam' 18 & Pycon India’ 19.
6. Founded EEG/BCI research startup called Soul Scientific in 2012, incorporated in 2016 developing a wide range of products from neuroscience to agritech.
7. Founded Cephei Technologies, an NLP Paas Startup Incubated at IITMRP from 2019, shutdown as of march 2020.
8. Founded Forest Studio in 2018, an ecology retrieval based smart agri startup, still providing services across India.
9. Drone designer and developer. (Sponsored by Hindustan University) : Represented India & won “Most Innovative Design Award” by Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International at International Aerial Robotics Competition -2014, Yantai, China.
Badminton State level player (TN).
10. A Mean-Stack developer :  Deep learning using Natural language processing, Classification and adviseral networks problems.
Perpetual trekker, part time Psychologist, Lifecoach, Botanist-carnivorous gardener & BCI Trader.

### Designed & Developed at Soul Scientific and Agrio :
### As the Founder and Research Director :


1. Designed several prototypes for plant and animal electrophysiology mining, learning and as automation control system interfaces.
2. Optimization and selection of components for an autonomous multirotor UAV with obstacle avoidance capability using ultrasonic sensors. - Proceedings
3. Won the Best Autonomous Drone Design Award at International Aerial Robotics Competition (IARC) 2014, China, only team representing India – Sponsored by Hindustan University, with Dr. Dalbir Singh. - Proceedings
4. CAN and LIN BUS based BCI control system prototype developments.
5. Wildlife conservation volunteer at Indian Wildlife Club and WWF India.
6. Lifetime member at Krishnamurthy Institute of Algology.
7. The following are a few core works published & in proceedings.

## My Publications 

1. Antibacterial activity of chitosan coated silver nanoparticles against major fish pathogen Aeromonas hydrophila. - Proceedings.
2. Improved Antibiofilm and Anti-Fungal Effect of Biocompatible Polymer Stabilized Chemogenic Metallic Nanoparticles Against Candida Albicans.-  Applied Biotechnology and Biochemistry, Springer.
3. Decomposition of Dried leaf wastes with EM (designed consortium) and evaluation of EM dried compost on plant growth parameters of Arachis Hypogaea.- Elsevier.
4. Influence of FeSO4 on magnetosomic nanoparticles synthesized by microorganisms. - Proceedings.
5. Antibacterial and Anti-Tumor activity of Endophytic Fungal Metabolites isolated from garden weeds. - Proceedings.
6. Synthesis and characterization of Optically active and water soluble carbon Nanoparticles by chemical reduction method. IEEE.
7. keynote speaker - National Conference on “Green Chemistry and safer environment - 2017”, St. Mary’s College, Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu as a keynote speaker and Resource Person. - Keynote publication.


[Link to my CV can be found here](https://github.com/shiva16/resume_other/blob/main/CV'nov_1.pdf)
